What are you?
How dare you stop me from entering?
He was stopped by those two little scumbags at the Lu Family
I was stopped by the watchdog at this limit when I arrived at the company
Sorry, Mr. Lu is busy now, so it is inconvenient to meet guests.
Do you know who I am?
How dare you!
Madam, are you here?
I'm here to send the design draft
Mr. Lu is inside, please
Hey
Didn't you say that you will not see guests during the month?
Is that a guest, ma'am?
That's Mr. Lu's roommate
OK
This version of the design is very good, by the way.
How are your feet?
It's almost there.
It's just more difficult for you, the president
See my design draft for yourself
Why don't you want to come to my office?
Neither
I just don't think the impact is very good
If you feel bothered
You can make our relationship public, I don't want it
you
Really missing Bai En
The more I gave him hope
The less he will leave the road and remarry
It's not good for anyone.
That's what they say.
You still saw him, scum
What's wrong with me?
So disgusting
Looks like I'll have to go to the hospital sometime
Have you been feeling palpitations lately?
chest movement
Yeah doctor, what's wrong with me?
You have metastasized cancer.